Update act-rules-format.md for mapping secondary accessibility requirements (#531)
w3c/wcag-act: act-rules-format.md

Accessibility Requirements Mapping {#accessibility-requirements-mapping}
------------------------------------------------------------------------

> When an ACT Rule is designed to test conformance to one or more [=Accessibility requirements documents=], the rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> list all [=accessibility requirements=] from those documents that are not satisfied when one or more of the [=outcomes=] of the rule is `failed`. The rule <em class="rfc2119">should</em> list accessibility requirements that could be not satisfied when the rule outcome is failed. There are two types of accessibility requirements:

Reviewer: Is this a "should" or a "may"?

> When an ACT Rule is designed to test conformance to one or more [=Accessibility requirements documents=], the rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> list all [=accessibility requirements=] from those documents that are not satisfied when one or more of the [=outcomes=] of the rule is `failed`. The rule <em class="rfc2119">should</em> list accessibility requirements that could be not satisfied when the rule outcome is failed. There are two types of accessibility requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an ACT Rule is designed to test conformance to one or more [=Accessibility requirements documents=], the rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> list all [=accessibility requirements=] from those documents that are not satisfied when one or more of the [=outcomes=] of the rule is `failed`. The rule <em class="rfc2119">may</em> list accessibility requirements that could be not satisfied when the rule outcome is failed. There are two types of accessibility requirements:
```

- [Conformance Requirements](#conformance-requirements)

> - Secondary Requirements

Author: ```suggestion
- [Secondary Requirements](#secondary-requirements)
```

Each [=accessibility requirement=] in the mapping <em class="rfc2119">must</em> include the following:

1. either the name, title, identifier or summary of the accessibility requirement, and
2. the name of the [=accessibility requirements document=], and
3. a link or reference to the [=accessibility requirements document=] if one exists, and
4. the conformance level associated with the accessibility requirement, if one exists, and
5. whether the requirement is a conformance requirement or a secondary requirement.

### Outcome Mapping ### {#outcome-mapping}

> For each accessibility requirement in the mapping, an ACT Rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> indicate what the [=outcomes=] of the rule mean for satisfying an accessibility requirement for that [=test subject=]. 

Reviewer: What is the outcome mapping for secondary requirements like?

#### Conformance Requirements ### {#conformance-requirements}

When a rule is designed to test a specific accessibility requirement, the accessibility requirement is mapped as a Conformance Requirement when both of the following conditions are true: 

- Failed Outcomes: When one or more of the outcomes for a test subject is `failed`, the accessibility requirement is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> for the test subject, and 
- Passed or Inapplicable Outcomes: When all of the outcomes are `passed` or `inapplicable` for a test subject, the accessibility requirement could be <dfn>satisfied</dfn> or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> for the test subject.
 

> Rules that can be used to determine if an accessibility requirement is *satisfied* are called <dfn>satisfying tests</dfn>.

Author: ```suggestion
Rules that can be used to determine if an accessibility requirement is *satisfied* are called <dfn>satisfying tests</dfn>.

- Passed: When all of the outcomes are `passed`, the accessibility requirement is <dfn>satisfied</dfn>.
```

Accessibility Requirements Mapping {#accessibility-requirements-mapping}
------------------------------------------------------------------------

> When an ACT Rule is designed to test conformance to one or more [=Accessibility requirements documents=], the rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> list all [=accessibility requirements=] from those documents that are not satisfied when one or more of the [=outcomes=] of the rule is `failed`. The rule <em class="rfc2119">may</em> list accessibility requirements that could be not satisfied when the rule outcome is failed. There are two types of accessibility requirements:

Reviewer 2: That's about the related one, e.g. Scenario 4: A rule to test 2.4.4 by checking that links have non-empty name could also trigger failure of 1.1.1 on `area`. We do not want to mark an implementation as non-consistent because it is flagging 1.1.1 in some cases, and it could make sense to do so for some implementation (e.g.RGAA is testing `area` elements separately). But this is not a conformance requirement since there is no implication "rule fail => 1.1.1 not satisfied".

The "may" part is a bit of a catch-all (e.g., the same rule could also be mapped to 1.4.1 under the same reasoning that some links are only distinguished by color and sometimes would be failing both). This would be for rule writers to decides (and for example, consider unlikely that an implementation would report all the failure of a link together, while it is likely that it would report both 2.4.4 and 1.1.1 on an image link without name; so 1.1.1 should be a secondary mapping while 1.4.1 shouldn't).
That's a bit too loose to my taste, but I'm afraid we can't do much better in this document. This kinda says "rule writter may add secondary requirement as they see fit" 🤷

> When an ACT Rule is designed to test conformance to one or more [=Accessibility requirements documents=], the rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> list all [=accessibility requirements=] from those documents that are not satisfied when one or more of the [=outcomes=] of the rule is `failed`. The rule <em class="rfc2119">may</em> list accessibility requirements that could be not satisfied when the rule outcome is failed. There are two types of accessibility requirements:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When an ACT Rule is designed to test conformance to one or more [=Accessibility requirements documents=], the rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> list all [=accessibility requirements=] from those documents that are not satisfied when one or more of the [=outcomes=] of the rule is `failed`. The rule <em class="rfc2119">may</em> list accessibility requirements that might be not satisfied when the rule outcome is failed. There are two types of accessibility requirements:
```

Changing just this word makes a lot of difference for me. Would it be okay?

- [Conformance Requirements](#conformance-requirements)
- [Secondary Requirements](#secondary-requirements)

Each [=accessibility requirement=] in the mapping <em class="rfc2119">must</em> include the following:

1. either the name, title, identifier or summary of the accessibility requirement, and
2. the name of the [=accessibility requirements document=], and
3. a link or reference to the [=accessibility requirements document=] if one exists, and
4. the conformance level associated with the accessibility requirement, if one exists, and

> 5. whether the requirement is a conformance requirement or a secondary requirement.

Reviewer 4: You propose "requirement strictness" as a solution in the editors notes but I don't see how that would solve the problems seen in scenarios 2 and 4. I think it could be part of the solution, but could not be the whole solution.

 As I have re-read the scenarios the "rules of thumb" for measuring them seems to be the below for me. I don't think you could wrap 2 and 3 into requirement strictness.  

1. "Requirement Strictness" - Handles scenarios 1 and 3
2. "Passed = satisfied outcome, failed $\neq$ failed outcome" - Scenario 2
3. "Applicable to only some, but not all, passed and failed test cases" - Scenario 4

> 5. whether the requirement is a conformance requirement or a secondary requirement.

Reviewer: You may be right. I haven't looked into it yet. It's something to discuss I think.

### Outcome Mapping ### {#outcome-mapping}
For each conformance requirement in the mapping, an ACT Rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> indicate what the [=outcomes=] of the rule mean for satisfying an accessibility requirement for that [=test subject=]. 

#### Conformance Requirements ### {#conformance-requirements}

When a rule is designed to test a specific accessibility requirement, the accessibility requirement is mapped as a Conformance Requirement when both of the following conditions are true: 

- Failed Outcomes: When one or more of the outcomes for a test subject is `failed`, the accessibility requirement is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> for the test subject, and 
- Passed or Inapplicable Outcomes: When all of the outcomes are `passed` or `inapplicable` for a test subject, the accessibility requirement could be <dfn>satisfied</dfn> or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> for the test subject.
 

> Rules that can be used to determine if an accessibility requirement is *satisfied* are called <dfn>satisfying tests</dfn>.

Reviewer 3: Why do we need this definition, and why is it mixed with the definition of "Conformance Requirements"?

> Rules that can be used to determine if an accessibility requirement is *satisfied* are called <dfn>satisfying tests</dfn>.

Author: ```suggestion
Rules that can be used to determine if an accessibility requirement is *satisfied* are called <dfn>satisfying tests</dfn>. When all of the outcomes are `passed`, the accessibility requirement is <dfn>satisfied</dfn> for the test subject.
```

> - Passed: When all of the outcomes are `passed`, the accessibility requirement is <dfn>satisfied</dfn> for the test subject.

Reviewer 3: Given that an outcome of `passed` can mean `further testing is needed`, I don't really understand why are we saying that having only `passed` outcomes equals the accessibility requirement being `satisfied`.

Reviewer 2: I understand this as being the "Passed" condition for "satisfying test".
I.e. "when, additionally, this condition is true, the rule is a _satisfying test_".

I agree it's not super clear.

> - Passed: When all of the outcomes are `passed`, the accessibility requirement is <dfn>satisfied</dfn> for the test subject.

Author: ```suggestion
```

Author: Changed this from a bullet to a sentence in the paragraph instead.

Accessibility Requirements Mapping {#accessibility-requirements-mapping}

> ------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: I keep coming back to the idea that there are two types of secondary requirements. 

Type A: The "AAA contrast for the AA rule" example
1. On pass, even with no other issues, the SC may not be satisfied
2. On fail, the SC is not satisfied

Type B: The "Keyboard trap non-standard" example
1. On pass, assuming no other problems, the SC is satisfied
2. On fail, the SC

---

So what if we did this. A conformance requirement is something for which both the following conditions are true:
1. On pass, assuming no other problems, the SC is satisfied; and
2. On fail, the SC is not satisfied

If only one of those conditions is true it is a secondary requirement. If neither is true, then that is not a requirement for the rule. The tricky part I think is in that "assuming no other problems" wording. In the 1.0 version we hadn't found a good way to define that. I feel that this is the key here. If we can figure that one out, we can make these requirement types work.

Author: Re: "assuming no other problems", I removed "further testing is needed" for pass on a previous draft (July 20), but feedback was that it would be too significant a change from version 1.0.

Reviewer 4: I definitely agree that separating into 3 types of mappings flows more naturally, but I'm not sure I see the difference between `assuming no other problems` and `further testing is needed`. I feel like they are basically stating the same thing: "There is some condition that may occur that this rule doesn't test". 

Could we call Type A `Failure Mappings` and Type B `Satisfy Mappings` after how they relate to a rule? Then our mappings would look like:

- Conformance Mapping: Pass -> Satisfy or further testing needed. Fail -> Not satisfied
- Failure Mapping: Pass -> Further testing needed, Fail -> Not satisfied
- Satisfy Mapping: Pass -> Satisfy or further testing needed, Fail -> Further testing needed

Author: I've added the last two bullets in Secondary (starts at line 222). 

But, for Trevor's Failure mapping, "AAA", pass -> not satisfied.
The Satisfy mapping is called "OR" for now.

Reviewer 2: On the conceptual level, I like the 3 kinds of mappings here.
But I see a hard time coming to make the difference between "Conformance Mapping" and "Failure Mapping" because of the "assuming no other problems" that is underlying.

---
In a case like "Image accessible name is descriptive", it is fairly obvious to figure out that "if there are no other non-text content, then 1.1.1 is satisfied". It can still get a bit tricky to determine precisely what it means, but the intuition should be fairly obvious for everybody.

But, for example, we have a (long standing) open PR for checking that [links inside paragraphs have non-color indication](https://github.com/act-rules/act-rules.github.io/pull/1010). In that case the "no other problems (related to 1.4.1)" bit is much harder to get 🤔 I guess we can say that if color is not used anywhere else than for links 1.4.1 is satisfied, so the rule has a "Conformance Mapping" to 1.4.1. But I feel the amount of possible uses of color will make any attempt at really defining "assuming no other problem" quite painful.

Reviewer 2: Another issue I see with that is for rules like "Image has a non-empty accessible name". The mapping to 1.1.1 is here only a Failure Mapping. So, it is similar to "color contrast (minimum)" having a Failure Mapping to 1.4.6; or "link in context" having a Failure Mapping to 2.4.9.

Since part of the goal of this change is too allow tools to **not report** the (AAA) Failure Mapping, I foresee an unexpected consequence that we'd accept tools who do not report 1.1.1 on "Image has non empty accessible name" failures (plus the rule would only have secondary mappings). Somehow, this feels very wrong.

Accessibility Requirements Mapping {#accessibility-requirements-mapping}
------------------------------------------------------------------------

When an ACT Rule is designed to test conformance to one or more [=Accessibility requirements documents=], the rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> list all [=accessibility requirements=] from those documents that are not satisfied when one or more of the [=outcomes=] of the rule is `failed`. The rule <em class="rfc2119">should</em> list accessibility requirements that could be not satisfied when the rule outcome is failed. There are two types of accessibility requirements:
- Conformance Requirements

> - Secondary Requirements

Author: yes, links will be added.

3. a link or reference to the [=accessibility requirements document=] if one exists, and
4. the conformance level associated with the accessibility requirement, if one exists.

> ### Outcome Mapping

Author: ```suggestion
### Outcome Mapping ### {#outcome-mapping}
```

- When one or more of the outcomes for a test target is `failed`, the accessibility requirement is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> for the test subject, and 
- When all of the outcomes are `passed` or `inapplicable`, the accessibility requirement could be <dfn>satisfied</dfn> or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn>. The accessibility requirement can not be <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>.
 
Rules that can be used to determine if an accessibility requirement is *satisfied* are called <dfn>satisfying tests</dfn>.

<div class=note>
  <p>**Note:** In the [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) [[WCAG]], success criteria do not evaluate to `passed`, `failed` or `inapplicable`. Rather they can be *satisfied* (or not). (See the [WCAG 2.1 definition: satisfies a success criterion](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#dfn-satisfies).) If a success criterion is *not satisfied*, a web page can only conform if there is a conforming alternative version, as described in [WCAG 2.1 Conformance Requirement 1](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#cc1).</p>
</div>

<aside class=example>

>   <header>Example accessibility requirements mapping for a rule that tests if an image button has an accessible name maps conformance requirements to success criteria 1.1.1 Non-text content and 4.1.2 Name, Role, Value:</header>

Author: ```suggestion
  <header>Example accessibility requirements mapping for a rule that tests if an image button has an accessible name maps success criteria 1.1.1 Non-text content and 4.1.2 Name, Role, Value as conformance requirements:</header>
```

4. the conformance level associated with the accessibility requirement, if one exists.

### Mapping Conformance Requirements ### {#mapping-conformance-requirements}

> An ACT Rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> indicate what the [=outcomes=] of the rule mean for satisfying an accessibility requirement for that [=test subject=]. A conformance requirement mapped in a rule is an accessibility requirement that is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> when all of the outcomes for a test target in failed test cases is `failed`. When all of the outcomes for passed test cases or inapplicable test cases are `passed` or `inapplicable`, respectively, the mapped conformance requirement could be <dfn>satisfied</dfn> or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn>. Rules that can be used to determine if an accessibility requirement is *satisfied* are called <dfn>satisfying tests</dfn>.

Reviewer 4: Looking at this harder, I'm a bit confused by the wording here. In our definition of outcome (https://www.w3.org/TR/act-rules-format/#outcome) we specify in a note that there is:

> one passed or failed outcome for every [test target](https://www.w3.org/TR/act-rules-format/#test-target)

I'm actually not quite sure what we mean when we reference multiple outcomes for a single test target, is it:
1. An outcome for each of the procedures that a `tester` is using.
2. An outcome for each test target in each failed test case. 
3. An outcome for each accessibility requirement being mapped.
4. Confusing the test target with the test subject in some way.
5. Something else?

Reviewer 4: Kind of an off topic note, but is the last sentence still reasonable to include? I haven't heard of us use the `satisfying tests` definition in practice ever, I had forgotten it was in the spec.

Reviewer 4: Following our conversation this morning, I think the wording I might be leading towards is something along the lines of:

> A conformance requirement mapped in a rule is an accessibility requirement that is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> when the outcome for any test target within the test subject is failed. When all of the outcomes for the test targets within the test subject are passed or inapplicable, the conformance requirement could be <dfn>satisfied</dfn> or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn>. 

Basically, looking to establish an "implication" relationship of "test target failure implies conformance requirement not satisfied" and "test target pass or inapplicable implies conformance requirement satisfied or inapplicable"

I was having a hard time coming up with the full description of a secondary requirement, but there were a few things I specifically thought about:
- For some test targets applicable to the rule, a failure outcome for the test target does not imply that the secondary mapping is not satisfied. If for all test targets applicable to the rule, a failure outcome *would* imply the requirement is not satisfied then this is a conformance requirement. 
- For passed outcomes for test targets, we cannot really say anything about the secondary mapping as it could be satisfied, not satisfied, or further testing needed. 
- For inapplicable outcomes, is it a requirement that the secondary requirements also be inapplicable? If we say no, then it seems like anything could be included as a secondary requirement even if it doesn't really apply.

Reviewer 4: Just to capture some notes from our talk on 8/22. There may actually be 3 types of mappings here:
1. If the outcome is failed then the criterion is not satisfied. If the test target passes then the criterion is satisfied.
2. If the outcome is failed then the criterion is not satisfied. If the test target passes then the criterion could be satisfied or not satisfied (see color contrast example).
3. If the outcome is failed then the criterion is further testing needed. If the test target passes then the criterion is satisfied.

A few questions:
- For 1, I thought this is what was said, but I would think "further testing is necessary" might be included for a passed outcome.
- ^^ Same for 2 for passed outcomes.

> An ACT Rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> indicate what the [=outcomes=] of the rule mean for satisfying an accessibility requirement for that [=test subject=]. A conformance requirement mapped in a rule is an accessibility requirement that is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> when all of the outcomes for a test target in failed test cases is `failed`. When all of the outcomes for passed test cases or inapplicable test cases are `passed` or `inapplicable`, respectively, the mapped conformance requirement could be <dfn>satisfied</dfn> or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn>. Rules that can be used to determine if an accessibility requirement is *satisfied* are called <dfn>satisfying tests</dfn>.

Author: ```suggestion
An ACT Rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> indicate what the [=outcomes=] of the rule mean for satisfying an accessibility requirement for that [=test subject=]. A conformance requirement mapped in a rule is an accessibility requirement that is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> when one or more outcomes for a test target is `failed`. When all of the outcomes are `passed` or `inapplicable`, the mapped conformance requirement could be <dfn>satisfied</dfn> or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn>, but cannot be <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>. Rules that can be used to determine if an accessibility requirement is *satisfied* are called <dfn>satisfying tests</dfn>.
```

Author: Above suggestion reverts back to the original text and adds that passed outcomes cannot be not satisfied to move stricter requirement Contrast (enhanced) out of the conformance requirement mapping of the rule for Contrast (minimum).

<div class=note>
  <p>**Note:** In the [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) [[WCAG]], success criteria do not evaluate to `passed`, `failed` or `inapplicable`. Rather they can be *satisfied* (or not). (See the [WCAG 2.1 definition: satisfies a success criterion](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#dfn-satisfies).) If a success criterion is *not satisfied*, a web page can only conform if there is a conforming alternative version, as described in [WCAG 2.1 Conformance Requirement 1](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#cc1).</p>
</div>

> When a `failed` outcome of the rule can determine that an accessibility requirement is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>, the accessibility requirement must be listed as a Conformance Requirement. That ACT Rule will list each success criteria in its accessibility requirements mapping as **Required for Conformance**.

Author: this needs to be edited if 2 conditions are required to be a conformance requirement.

4. the conformance level associated with the accessibility requirement, if one exists.

### Mapping Conformance Requirements ### {#mapping-conformance-requirements}

An ACT Rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> indicate what the [=outcomes=] of the rule mean for satisfying an accessibility requirement for that [=test subject=]. 

A conformance requirement mapped in a rule: 

> - is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> when one or more outcomes for a test target is `failed`, and 

Reviewer 4: I think change `test target` to `test subject` here since the subject can have multiple outcomes.

> - is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> when one or more outcomes for a test target is `failed`, and 

Author: ```suggestion
- is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> when one or more outcomes for a test subject is `failed`, and 
```

- can be <dfn>satisfied</dfn> or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn>, but cannot be <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> when all of the outcomes are `passed` or `inapplicable` . 

> Rules that can be used to determine if an accessibility requirement is *satisfied* are called <dfn>satisfying tests</dfn>.

Reviewer 4: We need to define what we mean by a satisfying test. I feel like that would be a conformance requirement where `passed` and `inapplicable` outcomes mean the criteria is *satisfied*. If further testing is needed then we can't determine the requirement is *satisfied*

Author: I don't think we reference "satisfying tests" in practice. Discuss with @WilcoFiers if term is needed.

4. the conformance level associated with the accessibility requirement, if one exists.

### Mapping Conformance Requirements ### {#mapping-conformance-requirements}

> For each accessibility requirement in the mapping, an ACT Rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> indicate what the [=outcomes=] of the rule mean for satisfying that accessibility requirement for that [=test subject=]. When one or more of the outcomes for a test target is `failed`, the accessibility requirements are <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> for the test subject. When all of the outcomes are `passed`, the accessibility requirements would be <dfn>satisfied</dfn>. When all of the outcomes are `inapplicable`, <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn>. Rules that can be used to determine if an accessibility requirement is *satisfied* are called <dfn>satisfying tests</dfn>.

Author: ```suggestion
For each accessibility requirement in the mapping, an ACT Rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> indicate what the [=outcomes=] of the rule mean for satisfying that accessibility requirement for that [=test subject=]. When one or more of the outcomes for a test target is `failed`, the accessibility requirements are <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> for the test subject. When all of the outcomes are `passed` or `inapplicable`, the accessibility requirements could be <dfn>satisfied</dfn>, or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn>. Rules that can be used to determine if an accessibility requirement is *satisfied* are called <dfn>satisfying tests</dfn>.
```

<div class=note>
  <p>**Note:** In the [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) [[WCAG]], success criteria do not evaluate to `passed`, `failed` or `inapplicable`. Rather they can be *satisfied* (or not). (See the [WCAG 2.1 definition: satisfies a success criterion](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#dfn-satisfies).) If a success criterion is *not satisfied*, a web page can only conform if there is a conforming alternative version, as described in [WCAG 2.1 Conformance Requirement 1](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#cc1).</p>
</div>

<aside class=example>
  <header>Example accessibility requirements mapping for a rule that tests if a form field has a non-empty accessible name:</header>
  <blockquote><ul>
    <li>
      [Success Criterion 4.1.2: Name, Role, Value](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#name-role-value)
      <ul>
        <li>**Required for conformance** to WCAG 2.0 and WCAG 2.1 level A and higher</li>
        <li>Outcome mapping:<ul>
          <li>Any `failed` outcomes: not satisfied</li>

>           <li>All `passed` outcomes: satisfied</li>

Reviewer 5: I agree - we cannot say a success criteria has passed but it does not fail.

          <li>An `inapplicable` outcome: further testing is needed</li>
        </ul></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul></blockquote>
</aside>

> ### Mapping Secondary Requirements (Optional) ###

Reviewer: The use of the word "secondary" is tempting me into talking about the other requirements as "primary". I'm not sure that's the right wording for it, if not, secondary probably doesn't work for this.

> ### Mapping Secondary Requirements (Optional) ###

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
### Mapping Additional Requirements (Optional) ###
```

> An ACT Rule <em class="rfc2119">may</em> show that the outcomes of the rule have related or secondary [=accessibility requirements=] for that test subject. The secondary accessibility requirements may not be required for conformance to the [=accessibility requirements document=]. When one or more of the outcomes for a test target is `failed`, the secondary accessibility requirement could be <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> for the test subject or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> . When all of the outcomes are `passed` or `inapplicable`, the secondary accessibility requirement could be <dfn>satisfied</dfn> or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn>. The rule must explain the secondary relationship of the accessibility requirement to the rule. 

Reviewer 4: Something else that crossed my mind while reading this was how we might treat a rule that *only* has secondary mappings. Spurred by the conversation about the role attribute value (https://github.com/act-rules/act-rules.github.io/pull/1862/files), where potentially the solution might be the only actual mapping is to aria, but there could be secondary mappings to both 1.3.1 and 4.1.2 depending on the error and implementation.

Would this be possible? Would it hurt our overall goal of harmonization?

        <li>**Secondary** to WCAG 2.0 and WCAG 2.1 level A and higher</li>
        <li>Outcome mapping:<ul>
          <li>Any `failed` outcomes: not satisfied</li>
          <li>All `passed` outcomes: further testing is needed; SC 1.4.6 requires higher contrast ratios than SC 1.4.3</li>
          <li>An `inapplicable` outcome: further testing is needed</li>
        </ul></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul></blockquote>
</aside>

<aside class=example>
  <header>Example accessibility requirements mapping for a rule that tests if a focusable element has no keyboard trap via standard navigation:</header>
  <blockquote><ul>
    <li>
      [Success Criterion 2.1.2: No Keyboard Trap](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#no-keyboard-trap)
      <ul>
        <li>**Secondary** to WCAG 2.0 and WCAG 2.1 level A and higher</li>
        <li>Outcome mapping:<ul>
          <li>Any `failed` outcomes: further testing is needed; success criterion permits use of non-standard navigation to exit a keyboard trap</li>
          <li>All `passed` outcomes: satisfied</li>
          <li>An `inapplicable` outcome: further testing is needed</li>
        </ul></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul></blockquote>
</aside>

> ### Mapping for Atomic Rules ### {mapping-for-atomic-rules}

Reviewer: I think this may need to be flipped. Atomic rules do not have a relationship with composite rules. I.e. you could in theory add a composite rule without updating the atomic rule. I think this requirement should be flipped, in that a composite rule must not include accessibility requirements unless they are part of all its atomic rules. I.e. the compisite rule has the exact same accessibility requirements as its atomic rules. The main difference being that what is secondary and what is not will differ.

Reviewer 4: From how I am reading it, lines 248 and 251 are saying the same thing: an atomic rule cannot map to something that the composite rule does not map to. 

In 248 I read it as the atomic rule must map to a (possibly improper) subset of the composite rule's mapping. And in 251, I read it as the composite rule must map to the union of all of the mappings (conformance and secondary) present in the atomic rules. 

So I'm not sure it needs to be flipped, but some clarification might be helpful.

Author: What about this (removing reference to composite):

Conformance requirements (that are not satisfied) and secondary requirements (that may or may not be satisfied) must be included in the Accessibility Requirements of atomic rules.

3. a link or reference to the [=accessibility requirements document=] if one exists, and

> 4. the conformance level associated with the accessibility requirement, if one exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. the conformance level associated with the accessibility requirement, if one exists, and
5. whether the requirement is a conformance requirement or a secondary requirement.
```

### Outcome Mapping ### {#outcome-mapping}
For each accessibility requirement in the mapping, an ACT Rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> indicate what the [=outcomes=] of the rule mean for satisfying an accessibility requirement for that [=test subject=]. 

#### Conformance Requirements ### {#conformance-requirements}

> When a rule is designed to test a specific accessibility requirement, the accessibility requirement is mapped as a Conformance Requirement when both of the following are true: 

Author: ```suggestion
When a rule is designed to test a specific accessibility requirement, the accessibility requirement is mapped as a Conformance Requirement when both of the following conditions are true: 
```

- Failed Outcomes: When one or more of the outcomes for a test target is `failed`, the accessibility requirement is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> for the test subject, and 

> - Passed or Inapplicable Outcomes: When all of the outcomes are `passed` or `inapplicable`, the accessibility requirement could be <dfn>satisfied</dfn> or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Passed or Inapplicable Outcomes: When all of the outcomes are `passed` or `inapplicable` for a test subject, the accessibility requirement could be <dfn>satisfied</dfn> or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn>  for the test subject.
```

> - Passed or Inapplicable Outcomes: When all of the outcomes are `passed` or `inapplicable` for a test subject, the accessibility requirement could be <dfn>satisfied</dfn> or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn>  for the test subject.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Passed or Inapplicable Outcomes: When all of the outcomes are `passed` or `inapplicable` for a test subject, the accessibility requirement could be <dfn>satisfied</dfn> or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> for the test subject.
```

</div>

<aside class=example>
  <header>Example accessibility requirements mapping for a rule that tests if a form field has a non-empty accessible name:</header>
  <blockquote><ul>
    <li>
      [Success Criterion 4.1.2: Name, Role, Value](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#name-role-value)
      <ul>
        <li>**Required for conformance** to WCAG 2.0 and WCAG 2.1 level A and higher</li>
        <li>Outcome mapping:<ul>
          <li>Any `failed` outcomes: not satisfied</li>

>           <li>All `passed` outcomes: satisfied</li>

Author: ```suggestion
          <li>All `passed` outcomes: further testing is needed</li>
```

          <li>An `inapplicable` outcome: further testing is needed</li>
        </ul></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul></blockquote>
</aside>

> ### Mapping Secondary Requirements ###

Author: ```suggestion
### Mapping Associated Requirements ###
```
(Another naming option for consideration)

> ### Mapping Secondary Requirements (Optional) ###

Author: ```suggestion
### Mapping Secondary Requirements ###
```

<aside class=example>
  <header>Example accessibility requirements mapping for a rule that tests if text has minimum contrast:</header>
  <blockquote><ul>
    <li>
      [Success criterion 1.4.3 Contrast Minimum (AA)](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#contrast-minimum)
      <ul>
        <li>**Required for conformance** to WCAG 2.0 and WCAG 2.1 level A and higher</li>
        <li>Outcome mapping:<ul>
          <li>Any `failed` outcomes: not satisfied</li>
          <li>All `passed` outcomes: satisfied</li>
          <li>An `inapplicable` outcome: further testing is needed</li>
        </ul></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      [Success Criterion 1.4.6 Contrast (Enhanced) (Level AAA)](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#contrast-enhanced)
      <ul>
        <li>**Secondary** to WCAG 2.0 and WCAG 2.1 level A and higher</li>
        <li>Outcome mapping:<ul>
          <li>Any `failed` outcomes: not satisfied</li>

>           <li>All `passed` outcomes: further testing is needed; SC 1.4.6 requires higher contrast ratios than SC 1.4.3</li>

Reviewer 4: It feels like we should formalize how reasoning behind a secondary requirement is given. In this scenario the reasoning is fairly straight forward, in others this might not be the case. Secondary requirements might need a sub-section or something to hold this reasoning.

Author: add a section in Background to explain secondary requirements

  </ul></blockquote>
</aside>

### Mapping Associated/Affiliated/Secondary Requirements ###

> 

Author: ```suggestion
When an ACT Rule is designed to test conformance to an [=accessibility requirement=], the rule <em class="rfc2119">may</em> have outcomes for other [=accessibility requirements=] that are not consistent with the rule and do not meet the criteria to be mapped as Conformance Requirements.
```

> An ACT Rule <em class="rfc2119">may</em> show that the outcomes of the rule have secondary [=accessibility requirements=] for that test subject. When all of the outcomes for a test target in failed test cases is `failed` but an accessibility requirement cannot be listed as <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>, the accessibiity requirement must be listed as a secondary requirement and <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn>. When all outcomes for a test target in passed test cases are not `passed`, the mapped secondary accessibility requirement is <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn>.

Author: ```suggestion
An ACT Rule <em class="rfc2119">may</em> show that the outcomes of the rule have secondary [=accessibility requirements=] for that test subject. When one or more of the outcomes for a test target is `failed` but an accessibility requirement cannot be listed as <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> because <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn>, the accessibility requirement must be listed as a secondary requirement. When one or more of the outcomes is `passed` , the mapped secondary requirement can be <dfn>satisfied</dfn>, <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn>, or <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>.
```

  </ul></blockquote>
</aside>

### Mapping Associated/Affiliated/Secondary Requirements ###

> When an ACT Rule is designed to test conformance to an [=accessibility requirement=], the rule <em class="rfc2119">may</em> have outcomes for other [=accessibility requirements=] that are not consistent with the rule and do not meet the criteria to be mapped as Conformance Requirements.

Author: ```suggestion
When an ACT Rule is designed to test conformance to an [=accessibility requirement=], the rule <em class="rfc2119">may</em> have outcomes for other [=accessibility requirements=] that are not consistent with the rule. These other accessibility requirements do not meet the criteria to be Conformance Requirements and should be mapped as secondary requirements.
```

> An ACT Rule <em class="rfc2119">may</em> have outcomes for secondary [=accessibility requirements=] for that test subject. Accessibility requirements must be mapped as secondary if one or more of the following is true: 

Author: ```suggestion

Map an accessibility requirements as secondary if one or more of the following is true: 
```

  </ul></blockquote>
</aside>

### Mapping Associated/Affiliated/Secondary Requirements ###

> When an ACT Rule is designed to test conformance to an [=accessibility requirement=], the rule <em class="rfc2119">may</em> have outcomes for other [=accessibility requirements=] that are not consistent with the rule. These other accessibility requirements do not meet the criteria to be Conformance Requirements and should be mapped as secondary requirements.

Author: ```suggestion
When an ACT Rule's passed or failed outcomes have different meanings for an accessibility requirements from what is  described in Conformance requirements, these accessibility requirements are mapped as secondary requirements.  
```

Map an accessibility requirements as secondary if one or more of the following is true: 

> - <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> when one or more of the outcomes for a test target is `failed`, or

Author: ```suggestion
- <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> when one or more of the outcomes for a test target is `failed`, and the accessibility requirement is <dfn>satisfied</dfn> when all outcomes are `passed`,

```

> - <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> when one or more of the outcomes for a test target is `failed`, or

Author: (this is for the more-than-one-way-to-meet-SC rules, like Keyboard trap)

> - <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> when one or more of the outcomes for a test target is `failed`, or 

Author: ```suggestion
<ul>
<li> <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> when one or more of the outcomes for a test target is `failed`, or </li>
```

> <li> <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> when one or more of the outcomes for a test target is `failed`, or </li>

Author: ```suggestion
- <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> when one or more of the outcomes for a test target is `failed`, or
```

> - the accessibility requirement can be <dfn>satisfied</dfn>, <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn>, or <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>when all the outcomes are `passed`.

Author: ```suggestion
- <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> or the accessibility requirement is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>when the outcome for a test target is `passed`.
```

          <li>An `inapplicable` outcome: further testing is needed</li>
        </ul></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul></blockquote>
</aside>

<aside class=example>
  <header>Example accessibility requirements mapping for a rule that tests if a focusable element has no keyboard trap via standard navigation maps to secondary requirement SC 2.1.2 No Keyboard Trap because non-standard navigation is not tested:</header>
  <blockquote><ul>
    <li>
      [Success Criterion 2.1.2: No Keyboard Trap](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#no-keyboard-trap)
      <ul>
        <li>**Secondary** to WCAG 2.0 and WCAG 2.1 level A and higher</li>
        <li>Outcome mapping:<ul>
          <li>Any `failed` outcomes: further testing is needed; SC 2.1.2 permits use of non-standard navigation to exit a keyboard trap</li>
          <li>All `passed` outcomes: further testing is needed</li>
          <li>An `inapplicable` outcome: further testing is needed</li>
        </ul></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul></blockquote>
</aside>

### Mapping for Atomic Rules ### {mapping-for-atomic-rules}

> Atomic rules may map to conformance requirements, secondary accessibility requirements, or no accessibility requirements.

Author: ```suggestion
Conformance requirements and secondary requirements must be included in the Accessibility Requirements of atomic rules.
```

  </ul></blockquote>
</aside>

### Mapping Associated/Affiliated/Secondary Requirements ###
When an ACT Rule is designed to test conformance to an [=accessibility requirement=], the rule <em class="rfc2119">may</em> have outcomes for other [=accessibility requirements=] that are not consistent with the rule. These other accessibility requirements do not meet the criteria to be Conformance Requirements and should be mapped as secondary requirements.

Map an accessibility requirements as secondary if one or more of the following is true: 

> <ul>

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
or

```

> - "AAA": the accessibility requirement is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> when one or more outcomes for a test target is `failed`, and  is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>when all outcomes are `passed`.

Author: ```suggestion
```

  </ul></blockquote>
</aside>

### Mapping Associated/Affiliated/Secondary Requirements ###
When an ACT Rule's passed or failed outcomes have different meanings for an accessibility requirements from what is  described in Conformance requirements, these accessibility requirements are mapped as secondary requirements.  

Map an accessibility requirements as secondary for the following rule outcomes: 

> 

Author: ```suggestion
- "AAA": the accessibility requirement is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> when one or more outcomes for a test target is `failed`, and is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>when all outcomes are `passed`.
```

> Map an accessibility requirements as secondary if one or more of the following is true: 

Author: ```suggestion
Map an accessibility requirements as secondary for the following rule outcomes: 
```

> - <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> when one or more of the outcomes for a test target is `failed`, and the accessibility requirement is <dfn>satisfied</dfn> when all outcomes are `passed`,

Author: ```suggestion
- "OR": <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> when one or more of the outcomes for a test target is `failed`, and the accessibility requirement is <dfn>satisfied</dfn> when all outcomes are `passed`,
```

or

> - <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> or the accessibility requirement is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>when the outcome for a test target is `passed`.

Author: ```suggestion
- the accessibility requirement is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> when one or more outcomes for a test target is `failed`, and  is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>when the outcome is `passed`.
```

> - the accessibility requirement is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> when one or more outcomes for a test target is `failed`, and  is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>when the outcome is `passed`.

Author: ```suggestion
- "AAA": the accessibility requirement is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> when one or more outcomes for a test target is `failed`, and  is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>when all outcomes are `passed`.
```

> or

Author: ```suggestion
```

  </ul></blockquote>
</aside>

#### Mapping Secondary Requirements ####

> An accessibility requirement is mapped as a secondary requirement in a rule when both of the following are true: 

Reviewer 4: I overall like how these are setup, the only thing that feels slightly weird to me is that a conformance requirement technically meets the definition of a secondary requirement as well. Should we add some verbiage to the effect of using the stricter of the two? e.g., if you meet the conformance requirement tests you have to use that one.

> - (a.) When one or more of the outcomes for a test target is `failed`, the accessibility requirement is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> for the test subject, or

Author: the letters (a.) and (b.) are temporary for reference and will be removed.

- (b.) When all of the outcomes are `passed` or `inapplicable`, the accessibility requirement could be <dfn>satisfied</dfn> or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> or <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>.

> 

Author: the (a.) and (b.) in lines 219 and 220 are temporary markers. They are referenced in the temporary notes in lines 224 - 226.

**Temporary**: these are the situations discussed that necessitated a secondary requirements category: 

> - requirement is sticter than the rule (contrast AAA): the accessibility requirement is (a.)<dfn>not satisfied</dfn> when one or more outcomes for a test target is `failed`, and is (b.) <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>when all outcomes for the rule are `passed`.

Reviewer 4: I think we need to be careful with language `one or more outcomes for a test target` -> `one or more outcomes for a test subject/test case`.  Additionally `and is (b.) <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>` -> 'and may not be <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>`

  </ul></blockquote>
</aside>

#### Mapping Secondary Requirements ####
An accessibility requirement is mapped as a secondary requirement in a rule when both of the following are true: 

- (a.) When one or more of the outcomes for a test target is `failed`, the accessibility requirement is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> for the test subject, or
- (b.) When all of the outcomes are `passed` or `inapplicable`, the accessibility requirement could be <dfn>satisfied</dfn> or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> or <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>.

> When all of these are true, the accessibility requirement is mapped as a conformance requirement.  

Author: ```suggestion
```

  </ul></blockquote>
</aside>

#### Secondary Requirements ####

> When both the "Failed Outcomes" and "Passed or Inapplicable Outcomes" described under [=Conformance Requirements=] are true for an accessibility requirement, the rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> map that accessibility requirement as a Conformance Requirement.

Author: ```suggestion
When both the "Failed Outcomes" and "Passed or Inapplicable Outcomes" conditions described under [=Conformance Requirements=] are true for an accessibility requirement, the rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> map that accessibility requirement as a Conformance Requirement.
```

> When both the "Failed Outcomes" and "Passed or Inapplicable Outcomes" described under [=Conformance Requirements=] are true for an accessibility requirement, the rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> map that accessibility requirement as a Conformance Requirement.

Author: ```suggestion
When both the "Failed Outcomes" and "Passed or Inapplicable Outcomes" conditions described under [=Conformance Requirements=] are true for an accessibility requirement, the rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> map that accessibility requirement as a Conformance Requirement.
```

Author: I tried to commit @Jym77 's suggested change but GitHub resolved his comment without making the change. This is the first part of suggested change.

> 
> When both the "Failed Outcomes" and "Passed or Inapplicable Outcomes" conditions described under [=Conformance Requirements=] are true for an accessibility requirement, the rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> map that accessibility requirement as a Conformance Requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> When both the "Failed Outcomes" and "Passed or Inapplicable Outcomes" described under [=Conformance Requirements=] are true for an accessibility requirement, the rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> map that accessibility requirement as a Conformance Requirement.
> 
> When only one of the Outcomes is true or both Outcomes are only sometimes true for an accessibility requirement, the rule <em class="rfc2119">should</em> map the accessibility requirement as Secondary. When an ACT rule maps to a Secondary requirement, it must include an explanation of why that requirement is Secondary in the Background section of the rule.

Reviewer 2: I feel it is a bit hard to read because of "outcome" both being the outcome of a rule, and the items in the conformance requirement section 🤔 

```suggestion
When both the "Failed Outcomes" and "Passed or Inapplicable Outcomes" conditions described under [=Conformance Requirements=] are true for an accessibility requirement, the rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> map that accessibility requirement as a Conformance Requirement.

When only one of these condition is true, or both conditions are only sometimes true for an accessibility requirement, the rule <em class="rfc2119">should</em> map the accessibility requirement as Secondary. When an ACT rule maps to a Secondary requirement, it must include an explanation of why that requirement is Secondary in the Background section of the rule.
```
Plus maybe making the conditions' name into anchor and linking back to them from here?

> When only one of the Outcomes is true or both Outcomes are only sometimes true for an accessibility requirement, the rule <em class="rfc2119">should</em> map the accessibility requirement as Secondary. When an ACT rule maps to a Secondary requirement, it must include an explanation of why that requirement is Secondary in the Background section of the rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A secondary accessibility requirement is a requirement that is correlated with the rule, but which the rule is not designed to test. The outcome of the rule impacts the result of the accessibility requirements, but the rule is not intended to test the conformance of that requirement. 

When only one of the conditions is true or both conditions are only sometimes true for an accessibility requirement, the rule <em class="rfc2119">may</em> map the accessibility requirement as Secondary. When an ACT rule maps to a Secondary requirement, it <em class="rfc2119">must</em> include an explanation of why that requirement is Secondary in the Background section of the rule.
```

> When only one of these condition is true, or both conditions are only sometimes true for an accessibility requirement, the rule <em class="rfc2119">should</em> map the accessibility requirement as Secondary. When an ACT rule maps to a Secondary requirement, it must include an explanation of why that requirement is Secondary in the Background section of the rule.

Author: ```suggestion
A secondary accessibility requirement is a requirement that is correlated with the rule, but for which the rule is not designed to test. The outcome of the rule impacts the result of the accessibility requirements, but the rule is not intended to test the conformance of that requirement. This correlation often results in these secondary accessibility requirements not satisfying some or all failed test cases.

When only one of the conditions is true or both conditions are only sometimes true for an accessibility requirement, the rule <em class="rfc2119">may</em> map the accessibility requirement as Secondary. When an ACT rule maps to a Secondary requirement, it <em class="rfc2119">must</em> include an explanation of why that requirement is Secondary in the Background section of the rule.

```

Author: Wilco's comment got lost. Adding it back ^

Some scenarios when a rule will have Secondary requirements include:

**Scenario 1**: only the "Failed Outcomes" are true for the requirement

A rule was designed to test a minimum accessibility requirement and there exists a stricter requirement. In this scenario, the rule’s failed outcomes can determine that the stricter accessibility requirement is not satisfied, and the rule’s passed outcomes may not determine that the stricter requirement is satisfied. It is possible that the accessibility requirement may be not satisfied when the rules outcomes are passed. The stricter requirement is a Secondary requirement.

<aside class=example>
  <header>Example: a rule that tests if text has minimum contrast</header>

> <blockquote>This rule was designed to test Success Criterion 1.4.3 Contrast Minimum (AA). A stricter requirement, Success Criterion 1.4.6 Contrast (Enhanced) (Level AAA), will be not satisfied when the rule outcome is failed, and may be not satisfied when the rule outcomes are passed. This rule’s mapping:

Reviewer 2: I'm afraid that doesn't match the definition:
> - Passed or Inapplicable Outcomes: When all of the outcomes are `passed` or `inapplicable`, the accessibility requirement could be <dfn>satisfied</dfn> or <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn>.

Now, when the rule passes, both 1.4.3 and 1.4.6 may be not satisfied on the page. For 1.4.3 because it also applies to images of text and the rule doesn't; for 1.4.6 because of images of text and the higher threshold. So this condition is true for both (and so is the "Failed Outcomes" condition).

I definitely think the idea is good but I don't think the definition is good yet 😕 
I think the difference we need to make is between "all outcomes are `passed` => the requirement may be satisfied or not satisfied **for the test subject** (=classical further testing is needed)" versus "an outcome is `passed` => the requirement may be satisfied or not satisfied **for this test target**".

The first one describes the relation of the rule for both 1.4.3 and 1.4.6, but the second only describes it for 1.4.6.
I could not find a way to describe the relation we want for 1.4.3 without breaking elsewhere (e.g. "an outcome is `passed` => the requirement is satisfied for this test target" wouldn't describe the mapping of "image has accessible name" to 1.1.1.

Anyway, I feel that with the current condition on Passed outcome, 1.4.6 is still a conformance mapping for such a rule, which is not what we want.

Author: @Jym77  - there have been updates since you left this and the other comments. Do the latest changes address your concerns?

Reviewer 2: But for this case (out of the 4 scenarios), when the rule fails, 1.4.6 is not satisfied.
So the difference between 1.4.3 and 1.4.6 on this rule is solely on the intention of the rule author.

> When an ACT Rule is designed to test conformance to one or more [=Accessibility requirements documents=], the rule <em class="rfc2119">must</em> list all [=accessibility requirements=] from those documents that are not satisfied when one or more of the [=outcomes=] of the rule is `failed`.

This states that 1.4.6 **must** be listed as a requirement (either conformance or secondary).

> When a rule **is designed** to test a specific accessibility requirement, the accessibility requirement is mapped as a Conformance Requirement when both of the following conditions are true:

(emphasise mine)
This state that 1.4.6 is not necessarily a "conformance requirement" because the rule "is designed" to test 1.4.3.

So, in this case, the only difference is the author intention. (for the other 3 scenarios, it is also the mapping, I agree).
There is the suggestion I made and the note that has been added that we  could use strictness to make sure that in this case 1.4.6 can only be a secondary requirement. I would prefer to have it normatively since it would avoid the discussions whether 1.4.6 should be "conformance" or "secondary" in this case. But it does work as it is now, and maybe it is good enough to leave it like that rather than add complexity…

**Scenario 2**: only the "Passed or Inapplicable Outcomes" are true for the requirement
<ol style="list-style-type: lower-alpha">
  <li>A rule was designed to test a specific type of solution for an accessibility requirement, but the rule does not cover all solutions that can be used to meet the requirement. In this scenario, the rule’s failed outcomes cannot determine that an accessibility requirement is not satisfied because further testing is needed. The rule’s passed outcomes can determine that an accessibility requirement is satisfied. The accessibility requirement is a Secondary requirement.</li>

  <aside class=example>
    <header>Example: a rule that tests if a focusable element has no keyboard trap via standard navigation</header>
    <blockquote>This rule was designed to test for a specific solution that can be used to meet Success Criterion 2.1.2: No Keyboard Trap. The rule does not test for other possible solutions, such as the use of non-standard navigation, so its failed outcomes cannot determine that the accessibility requirement is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>. This rule’s mapping:
<ul>
<li>Secondary Requirement: Success Criterion 2.1.2: No Keyboard Trap</li>

>   <ul><li>Background Section: This rule tests for one solution that can meet Success Criterion 2.1.2. SC 2.1.2 is mapped as a Secondary requirement because other solutions (such as use of non-standard navigation to exit a keyboard trap) can be used to meet this SC that are not tested by this rule.</li></ul>

Reviewer 2: Here also, the "further testing is needed" bit in the "Passed or Inapplicable Outcomes" condition make this too much of a "catch all" case.

For example, when all outcomes of this rule ar `passed` or `inapplicable`, further testing is needed to decide whether the test subject satisfy 2.4.2 Page Titled (because we essentially haven't looked at it yet…)
But then, for this rule and SC 2.4.2, one of the condition is true and the other false, which means it should be a secondary requirement 🤔

<blockquote>This rule was designed to test Success Criterion 1.4.6 Contrast (Enhanced) (Level AAA). A less strict requirement, Success Criterion 1.4.3 Contrast Minimum (AA), will be satisfied when the rule outcomes are passed, and may be satisfied when the rule outcomes are failed.This rule’s mapping:
<ul>
<li>Conformance Requirement: Success Criterion 1.4.6 Contrast (Enhanced)</li>
<li>Secondary Requirement: Success Criterion 1.4.3 Contrast (Minimum)</li>
<ul><li>Background Section: Success Criterion 1.4.3 is mapped as a Secondary requirement because the SC may be <dfn>satisfied</dfn>when the rule’s outcomes are `failed`.</li></ul>
</aside>
</ul>
</ol>

**Scenario 3**: both outcomes are only sometimes true

A rule was designed to test an accessibility requirement and under certain conditions, other accessibility requirements apply. In this scenario, the other accessibility requirements are sometimes, but not always, satisfied or not satisfied because they are not always applicable in the rule. These other accessibility requirements are a Secondary requirement.

<aside class=example>
  <header>Example 1: a rule that tests if a link has a non-empty accessible name</header>

>   <blockquote>This rule was designed to test links for accessibility requirements 4.1.2 Name, Role, Value (Level A), 2.4.4 Link Purpose (In Context) (Level A), 2.4.9 Link Purpose (Link Only) (Level AAA). When a &lt;map&gt; element is used with <area> elements to define an image map, this is also a link area. Testing for non-empty accessible name for &lt;area&gt; elements would map to another accessibility requirement 1.1.1 Non-text Content. Because the rule tests for all links and SC 1.1.1 only applies certain links, this rule’s mapping:

Reviewer 2: This also has a too weak definition.

Sometimes, when this rule fails, 2.4.2 is satisfied, sometimes it's not (for random unrelated reasons).
Sometimes, when the rule passes (on all occurrences), 2.4.2 is satisfied, sometimes it's not (for random unrelated reasons).

But that means both conditions are "sometimes true" and 2.4.2 should be a secondary requirement for the rule (and almost anything else should).

  </ul></blockquote>
</aside>

### Mapping Associated/Affiliated/Secondary Requirements ###
When an ACT Rule's passed or failed outcomes have different meanings for an accessibility requirements from what is  described in Conformance requirements, these accessibility requirements are mapped as secondary requirements.  

Map an accessibility requirements as secondary for the following rule outcomes: 

> - "AAA": the accessibility requirement is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn> when one or more outcomes for a test target is `failed`, and is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>when all outcomes are `passed`.

Reviewer 4: I feel like naming the rule type as "AAA" makes it feel like we are explicitly targeting WCAG and goes away from our more general "Accessibility Requirement language"

Author: "AAA" is a temporary label to help identify the purpose of these outcomes. This label will be removed/replaced as we get closer to final.

> - "OR": <dfn>further testing is needed</dfn> when one or more of the outcomes for a test target is `failed`, and the accessibility requirement is <dfn>satisfied</dfn> when all outcomes are `passed`,

Reviewer 4: And I don't quite understand this name either.

Author: "OR" is another temporary label to help identify the purpose of these outcomes. This label will be removed/replaced as we get closer to final.

  </ul></blockquote>
</aside>

#### Secondary Requirements ####

A secondary accessibility requirement is a requirement that is correlated with the rule, but for which the rule is not designed to test. The outcome of the rule impacts the result of the accessibility requirements, but the rule is not intended to test the conformance of that requirement. This correlation often results in some test cases not satisfying these secondary accessibility requirements.

> When only one of the conditions is true or both conditions are only sometimes true for an accessibility requirement, the rule <em class="rfc2119">may</em> map the accessibility requirement as Secondary. When an ACT rule maps to a Secondary requirement, it <em class="rfc2119">must</em> include an explanation of why that requirement is Secondary in the Background section of the rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the rule is not designed to test the accessibility requirement, or failed outcome of the rule requires further testing for the accessibility requirement, the rule <em class="rfc2119">may</em> map the accessibility requirement as Secondary. When an ACT rule maps to a Secondary requirement, it <em class="rfc2119">must</em> include an explanation of why that requirement is Secondary in the Background section of the rule.
```

  </ul></blockquote>
</aside>

#### Secondary Requirements #### {#secondary-requirements}

> A secondary accessibility requirement is a requirement that is correlated with the rule, but for which the rule is not designed to test. The outcome of the rule impacts the result of the accessibility requirement, but the rule is not intended to test the conformance of that requirement. This correlation often results in some of the rule's test cases not satisfying the secondary accessibility requirement.

Reviewer 3: I find this paragraph confusing, and don't think it helps in understand what is a Secondary Requirement. 
The following paragraph is much better at defining a secondary requirement (i.e. failed outcomes require further testing).

> A secondary accessibility requirement is a requirement that is correlated with the rule, but for which the rule is not designed to test. The outcome of the rule impacts the result of the accessibility requirement, but the rule is not intended to test the conformance of that requirement. This correlation often results in some of the rule's test cases not satisfying the secondary accessibility requirement.

Reviewer 3: Much clearer, thanks!

When the rule is not designed to test the accessibility requirement, or failed outcomes of the rule still require further testing for the accessibility requirement, the rule <em class="rfc2119">may</em> map the accessibility requirement as Secondary. When an ACT rule maps to a Secondary requirement, it <em class="rfc2119">must</em> include an explanation of why that requirement is Secondary in the Background section of the rule.

> 

Reviewer 2: With the current definition, 2.4.9 is still a Conformance Requirement for any 2.4.4 rule.
I think we need to add something like:
> When requirement B is a stricter version of requirement A, and requirement A is a Conformance requirement; then the rule **must** list requirement B as a Secondary requirement (not as a Conformance requirement).

With "stricter version" being:
> Requirement B is a stricter version of requirement A if every test subject that does not satisfy A also does not satisfy B.

Some scenarios when a rule will have Secondary requirements include:

**Scenario 1**: the rule is not as strict as a requirement

> A rule was designed to test a minimum accessibility requirement and there exists a stricter requirement. The rule’s failed outcomes can determine that the stricter accessibility requirement is not satisfied, and the rule’s passed outcomes may not determine that the stricter requirement is satisfied. It is possible that the accessibility requirement may be not satisfied when the rule's outcomes are passed. The stricter requirement is a Secondary requirement.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A rule was designed to test a minimum accessibility requirement and there exists a stricter requirement. The rule’s failed outcomes can determine that the stricter accessibility requirement is not satisfied, but the rule’s passed outcomes may not determine that the stricter requirement is satisfied. Thus, it is possible that the accessibility requirement may be not satisfied when the rule's outcomes are passed. The stricter requirement is a Secondary requirement.
```
I would prefer this wording slightly, but am okay if you don't want to change it.

  <aside class=example>
    <header>Example: a rule that tests if a focusable element has no keyboard trap via standard navigation</header>
    <blockquote>This rule was designed to test for a specific solution that can be used to meet Success Criterion 2.1.2: No Keyboard Trap. The rule does not test for other possible solutions, such as the use of non-standard navigation, so its failed outcomes cannot determine that the accessibility requirement is <dfn>not satisfied</dfn>. This rule’s mapping:
<ul>
<li>Secondary Requirement: Success Criterion 2.1.2: No Keyboard Trap</li>
  <ul><li>Background Section: This rule tests for one solution that can meet Success Criterion 2.1.2. SC 2.1.2 is mapped as a Secondary requirement because other solutions (such as use of non-standard navigation to exit a keyboard trap) can be used to meet this SC that are not tested by this rule.</li></ul>
</ul>
</blockquote>
  </aside>

> **Scenario 3**: the rule is stricter than a requirement

Reviewer 2: I think we should move this as Scenario 2.
Both this one and Scenario 1 are about too version of a requirement, a lax and a strict, so it makes sense to keep them close to each other.

<aside class=example>
<header>Example: a rule that tests Enhanced Contrast</header>
<blockquote>This rule was designed to test Success Criterion 1.4.6 Contrast (Enhanced) (Level AAA). A less strict requirement, Success Criterion 1.4.3 Contrast Minimum (AA), will be satisfied when the rule outcomes are passed, and may be satisfied when the rule outcomes are failed. This rule’s mapping:
<ul>
<li>Conformance Requirement: Success Criterion 1.4.6 Contrast (Enhanced)</li>
<li>Secondary Requirement: Success Criterion 1.4.3 Contrast (Minimum)</li>
<ul><li>Background Section: Success Criterion 1.4.3 is mapped as a Secondary requirement because the SC may be <dfn>satisfied</dfn>when the rule’s outcomes are `failed`.</li></ul>
</aside>

**Scenario 4**: the rule may impact the result of the accessibility requirement, but the rule is not intended to test the conformance of that requirement

> A rule was designed to test an accessibility requirement and under certain conditions, other accessibility requirements apply. In this scenario, the other accessibility requirements are sometimes, but not always, satisfied or not satisfied because they are not always applicable in the rule. These other accessibility requirements are a Secondary requirement.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A rule was designed to test an accessibility requirement and under certain conditions, other accessibility requirements apply. In this scenario, the other accessibility requirements are only sometimes evaluated they are not always applicable in the rule. These other accessibility requirements are a Secondary requirement.
```
I found the second sentence here a bit confusing. I think this says the same thing but simplify the langauge a bit?

As a second question, does "not always applicable in the rule" == "there exists a passed or failed test case for which the requirement is applicable" (wording could be better). In my opinion, I think this should be the case, if it isn't then it means we are missing a test case. I think making "not always applicable in the rule" more concrete by referencing test cases makes it more measurable (e.g., applicable to some but not  all passed and failed examples == secondary requirement under scenario 4) and makes it more understandable.

### Applicability for Composite Rules ### {#applicability-composite}

> The applicability of a composite rule is defined as the union of all applicability definitions from the rules listed in the [input rules](#input-rules). Rule authors  omit a description of the applicability for composite rules. This can be useful if it is difficult to express the combined applicability in plain language. If the composite rule includes applicability, it <em class="rfc2119">must</em> be the union of all the applicability in the [input rules](#input-rules).

Author: ```suggestion
The applicability of a composite rule is defined as the union of all applicability definitions from the rules listed in the [input rules](#input-rules). Rule authors <em class="rfc2119">may</em>  omit a description of the applicability for composite rules. This can be useful if it is difficult to express the combined applicability in plain language. If the composite rule includes applicability, it <em class="rfc2119">must</em> be the union of all the applicability in the [input rules](#input-rules).
```

> The applicability of a composite rule is defined as the union of all applicability definitions from the rules listed in the [input rules](#input-rules). Rule authors <em class="rfc2119">may</em>  omit a description of the applicability for composite rules. This can be useful if it is difficult to express the combined applicability in plain language. If the composite rule includes applicability, it <em class="rfc2119">must</em> be the union of all the applicability in the [input rules](#input-rules).

Author: ```suggestion
The applicability of a composite rule is defined as the union of all applicability definitions from the rules listed in the [input rules](#input-rules). Rule authors <em class="rfc2119">may</em> omit a description of the applicability for composite rules. This can be useful if it is difficult to express the combined applicability in plain language. If the composite rule includes applicability, it <em class="rfc2119">must</em> be the union of all the applicability in the [input rules](#input-rules).
```
